5-ala
5-aminosalicylic acid
5-asa
abacavir
abacavir sulfate
abatacept
abemaciclib
abilify
abiraterone acetate
abt-869
acamprosate calcium
acarbose
acebutolol hydrochloride
acemetacin
acetaminophen
acetazolamide
acetazolamide sodium
acetic acid
acetohexamide
acetylcholine chloride
acetylcysteine
aciclovir
acitretin
aclarubicin hydrochloride
aclidinium bromide
actinomycin d
activated charcoal
adalimumab
adapalene
adefovir dipivoxil
adenine
adenosine
adenosine triphosphate
adomiparin
adrenaline
adrenocorticotropic hormone
adriamycin
afatinib
afatinib dimaleate
aflibercept
agalsidase alpha
agalsidase beta
ajmaline
albendazole
albuterol sulfate
albutrepenonacog alfa
alclometasone dipropionate
alcohol
aldesleukin
alectinib
alectinib hydrochloride
alemtuzumab
alendronate sodium
alendronic acid
alfacalcidol
alglucosidase alfa
alirocumab
aliskiren
allantoin
allergy medicine
allopurinol
allylestrenol
almasilate
alminoprofen
alogliptin
alogliptin benzoate
alpha-tocopherol acetate
alprazolam
alprenolol hydrochloride
alprostadil
alteplase
aluminium glycinate
aluminium hydroxide
aluminum hydroxide
amantadine
amantadine hydrochloride
ambenonium chloride
ambrisentan
ambroxol
ambroxol hydrochloride
amcinonide
amenamevir
amezinium metilsulfate
amfetamine
amikacin
amikacin sulfate
amino acids
amino acids nos
aminoacetic acid
aminolevulinic acid
aminolevulinic acid hydrochloride
aminophylline
aminosalicylate calcium
aminosalicylic acid
amiodarone
amiodarone hydrochloride
amitriptyline
amitriptyline hydrochloride
amlexanox
amlodipine
amlodipine besylate
amobarbital
amobarbital sodium
amorolfine hydrochloride
amoxapine
amoxicillin
amoxicilline
amphotericin b
ampicillin
ampicillin sodium
amprenavir
amrinone
amrubicin
amrubicin hydrochloride
amsacrine
amyl nitrite
anagliptin
anagrelide
anastrozole
androstenedione
anetholtrithion
angiotensin ii
anhydrous caffeine
aniracetam
antacid
anti-thymocyte globulin (rabbit)
antibiotic
antimicrobial
antithrombin gamma
antithrombin iii
antithymocyte immunoglobulin
antithymocyte immunoglobulin (rabbit)
apalutamide
apixaban
apomorphine
apomorphine hydrochloride
apraclonidine hydrochloride
apremilast
aprepitant
apricot kernel
aprindine
aprindine hydrochloride
apronal
aprotinin
aranidipine
arbekacin sulfate
argatroban
arginine
arginine hydrochloride
aripiprazole
arsenic trioxide
artemether
artesunate
ascorbic acid
asenapine
asenapine maleate
asfotase alfa
asian ginseng
asparaginase
aspartame
aspirin
astaxanthin
asunaprevir
atazanavir sulfate
atenolol
atezolizumab
atomoxetine
atomoxetine hydrochloride
atopaxar
atorvastatin
atorvastatin calcium
atovaquone
atp
atractylodes lancea rhizome
atractylodes rhizome
atropin
atropine
atropine sulfate
auranofin
avelumab
axitinib
azacitidine
azathioprine
azelastine
azelastine hydrochloride
azelnidipine
azilsartan
azilsartan medoxomil
azithromycin
azosemide
aztreonam
bacampicillin hydrochloride
bacillus subtilis
bacitracin
baclofen
baloxavir
baloxavir marboxil
bamethan sulfate
barbital
baricitinib
barnidipine hydrochloride
basiliximab
batroxobin
bazedoxifene acetate
beclabuvir
beclomethasone dipropionate
bedaquiline fumarate
belimumab
benazepril hydrochloride
bencyclane fumarate
bendamustine
bendamustine hydrochloride
bendazac
benfotiamine
benidipine
benidipine hydrochloride
benproperine phosphate
benralizumab
benserazide
benserazide hydrochloride
bentiromide
benzalkonium chloride
benzbromarone
benzethonium
benzethonium chloride
benzocaine
benzodiazepine
benzoyl peroxide
benzyl alcohol
benzyl benzoate
benzylpenicillin
bepridil hydrochloride
beraprost
beraprost sodium
berberine
berberine chloride
betahistine
betaine
betamethasone
betamethasone acetate
betamethasone dipropionate
betamethasone sodium phosphate
betamethasone valerate
betaxolol hydrochloride
bethanechol chloride
bevacizumab
bevantolol hydrochloride
bexarotene
bezafibrate
bezlotoxumab
biapenem
bicalutamide
bictegravir
bicyclol
bifidobacterium infantis
bifonazole
biguanide
bilastine
bimatoprost
binimetinib
biotin
biperiden
biperiden hydrochloride
biperiden lactate
bisacodyl
bismuth subgallate
bismuth subnitrate
bisoprolol
bisoprolol fumarate
bixalomer
bleomycin
bleomycin hydrochloride
bleomycin sulfate
blinatumomab
blonanserin
bonviva
boric acid
bortezomib
bosentan
botulinum toxin type a
brentuximab
brentuximab vedotin
brexpiprazole
brimonidine tartrate
brinzolamide
brodalumab
brolucizumab
bromazepam
bromelain
bromelains
bromfenac sodium
bromhexine
bromhexine hydrochloride
bromisoval
bromocriptine mesylate
bromperidol
brotizolam
bucillamine
budesonide
bufexamac
buformin hydrochloride
bumetanide
bunazosin hydrochloride
bupivacaine
bupivacaine hydrochloride
buprenorphine
buprenorphine hydrochloride
bupropion hydrochloride
burosumab
buserelin acetate
buspirone
busulfan
butenafine
butenafine hydrochloride
butorphanol tartrate
butropium bromide
butylscopolamine
cabazitaxel
cabergoline
cabiralizumab
cabozantinib
cadralazine
caffeine
calamine
calcipotriene
calcipotriol
calcitriol
calcium
calcium acetate
calcium carbonate
calcium chloride
calcium glubionate
calcium lactate
calcium pantothenate
calcium phosphate
calcium polycarbophil
camostat mesilate
camphor
camptothecin
canagliflozin
canakinumab
candesartan
candesartan cilexetil
capecitabine
capreomycin sulfate
captopril
carbamazepine
carbazochrome
carbenicillin disodium
carbetapentane
carbidopa
carbidopa hydrate
carbimazole
carbinoxamine
carbinoxamine maleate
carbocisteine
carbon dioxide
carboplatin
carboquone
carboxymethylcellulose sodium
carfilzomib
carglumic acid
carmofur
carmustine
carnitine
carnosine
carteolol
carteolol hydrochloride
carvedilol
casanthranol
caspofungin acetate
castor oil
cedazuridine
cediranib
cefaclor
cefadroxil
cefalexin
cefaloridine
cefazolin
cefazolin sodium
cefcapene
cefdinir
cefditoren
cefditoren pivoxil
cefepime
cefepime hydrochloride
cefixime
cefmenoxime hydrochloride
cefmetazole
cefmetazole sodium
cefminox sodium hydrate
cefodizime sodium
cefoperazone
cefoperazone sodium
cefotaxime
cefotaxime sodium
cefotetan
cefotiam
cefotiam hydrochloride
cefoxitin sodium
cefozopran hydrochloride
cefpiramide sodium
cefpirome sulfate
cefpodoxime proxetil
ceftazidime
ceftizoxime sodium
ceftolozane sulfate
ceftriaxone
ceftriaxone sodium
cefuroxime axetil
celecoxib
celiprolol hydrochloride
celivarone
cellcept
cellulose
ceritinib
cerivastatin sodium
cerliponase alfa
certolizumab pegol
cetirizine
cetirizine hydrochloride
cetrorelix
cetrorelix acetate
cetuximab
cetylpyridinium chloride
cevimeline
cevimeline hydrochloride
charcoal
chenodeoxycholic acid
chlophedianol hydrochloride
chloral hydrate
chloramphenicol
chloramphenicol sodium succinate
chlordiazepoxide
chlorhexidine
chlorhexidine acetate
chlorhexidine gluconate
chlorhexidine hydrochloride
chlormadinone acetate
chlorphenamine
chlorphenesin carbamate
chlorpheniramine
chlorpheniramine maleate
chlorpromazine
chlorpromazine hydrochloride
chlorpropamide
chlortalidone
cholecalciferol
cholesterol
choline theophyllinate
chondroitin sulfate
choriogonadotropin alfa
chorionic gonadotropin (human)
ciclesonide
ciclopirox
cidofovir
cilastatin
cilazapril
cilnidipine
cilostazol
cimetidine
cinacalcet hydrochloride
cinchocaine
cinepazide maleate
cinnarizine
cinoxacin
ciprofibrate
ciprofloxacin
ciprofloxacin hydrochloride
cisapride
cisplatin
citicoline
citric acid
citric acid monohydrate
cladribine
clarithromycin
clavulanic acid
clemastine
clemastine fumarate
clenbuterol hydrochloride
clindamycin
clindamycin hydrochloride
clindamycin phosphate
clinofibrate
clobazam
clobetasol propionate
clobetasone butyrate
clofarabine
clofazimine
clofenamide
clofibrate
clomiphene citrate
clomipramine
clomipramine hydrochloride
clonazepam
clonidine
clonidine hydrochloride
cloperastine hydrochloride
clopidogrel
clopidogrel bisulfate
clorazepate dipotassium
clotiapine
clotiazepam
clotrimazole
clove oil
cloxacillin
cloxacillin sodium
cloxazolam
clozapine
cobamamide
cobicistat
cocarboxylase
codeine
codeine phosphate
coenzyme q10
colchicine
cold medicine
colecalciferol
colestilan
colestyramine
colistimethate sodium
colistin
colistin sulfate
collagenase clostridium histolyticum
condoliase
conjugated estrogens
contact
corn starch
corticorelin
corticotropin
cortisone acetate
coumadin
cresol
crestor
crizotinib
cromoglicate sodium
cromoglicic acid
cromolyn sodium
crotamiton
cyanamide
cyanocobalamin
cyclandelate
cyclobutyrol
cyclofenil
cyclopentolate hydrochloride
cyclophosphamide
cycloserine
cyclosporine
cyproheptadine hydrochloride
cyproterone acetate
cysteine
cysteine hydrochloride
cytarabine
cytosine arabinoside
d-mannitol
dabigatran
dabigatran etexilate
dabrafenib
dabrafenib mesylate
dacarbazine
daclatasvir
daclatasvir dihydrochloride
daclizumab
dacomitinib
dactinomycin
dalfopristin
dalteparin sodium
damoctocog alfa pegol
danaparoid sodium
danazol
dantrolene sodium
dapagliflozin
daprodustat
dapsone
daptomycin
daratumumab
darbepoetin alfa
darolutamide
darunavir
darzalex
dasatinib
daunorubicin
daunorubicin hydrochloride
decitabine
deferasirox
deferoxamine mesylate
defibrotide
defibrotide sodium
dehydrocholic acid
delamanid
delapril hydrochloride
delgocitinib
demeclocycline
demeclocycline hydrochloride
denosumab
deoxyspergualin
depatuxizumab
dequalinium chloride
desflurane
desipramine
deslanoside
desloratadine
desmopressin acetate
desogestrel
dexamethasone
dexamethasone acetate
dexamethasone sodium phosphate
dexchlorpheniramine
dexchlorpheniramine maleate
dexmedetomidine
dexmedetomidine hydrochloride
dexpanthenol
dexrazoxane
dextran 40
dextromethorphan
dextromethorphan hydrobromide
dextrose
diazepam
diazoxide
dibasic sodium phosphate anhydrous
dibekacin sulfate
dibucaine
diclofenac
diclofenac diethylamine
diclofenac sodium
dicloxacillin
dicyclomine hydrochloride
dicycloverine
didanosine
dienogest
diflorasone diacetate
difluprednate
digitoxin
digoxin
dihydrocodeine
dihydrocodeine phosphate
dihydroergotamine mesylate
diltiazem
diltiazem hydrochloride
dimenhydrinate
dimethyl fumarate
dimethyl sulfoxide
dimeticone
dinoprost
dinoprost tromethamine
dinoprostone
dinutuximab
diphenhydramine
diphenhydramine hydrochloride
diphenhydramine salicylate
diphenidol hydrochloride
diphenylpyraline
diphenylpyraline teoclate
dipivefrin hydrochloride
diprophylline
dipyridamole
diquafosol
diquafosol tetrasodium
disopyramide
disopyramide phosphate
distigmine bromide
disulfiram
dl-methylephedrine hydrochloride
dobutamine
dobutamine hydrochloride
docetaxel
docosahexaenoic acid
dolutegravir
dolutegravir sodium
domiphen bromide
domperidone
donepezil
donepezil hydrochloride
dopamine hydrochloride
doravirine
doripenem hydrate
dornase alpha
dorzolamide hydrochloride
dotinurad
doxapram hydrochloride
doxazosin
doxazosin mesylate
doxepin
doxifluridine
doxorubicin
doxorubicin hydrochloride
doxycycline
doxycycline hyclate
droperidol
drospirenone
drotebanol
droxidopa
dulaglutide
duloxetine
duloxetine hydrochloride
dupilumab
durvalumab
dutasteride
dydrogesterone
dyphylline
ebastine
econazole nitrate
eculizumab
edaravone
edoxaban
edoxaban tosylate
edrophonium chloride
efavirenz
efinaconazole
efmoroctocog alfa
eftrenonacog alfa
eicosapentaenoic acid ethyl ester
elbasvir
elcatonin
eldecalcitol
eletriptan hydrobromide
eliglustat tartrate
eliquis
elosulfase alfa
elotuzumab
elpamotide
eltrombopag
eltrombopag olamine
elvitegravir
emedastine difumarate
emicizumab
empagliflozin
emtricitabin
emtricitabine
enalapril
enalapril maleate
encenicline
encorafenib
enema
enflurane
enfuvirtide
enoxaparin sodium
enoxolone
enprostil
entacapone
entecavir
entrectinib
enviomycin
enviomycin sulfate
enzalutamide
epacadostat
epalrestat
eperisone hydrochloride
ephedrine
ephedrine hydrochloride
epinastine
epinastine hydrochloride
epinephrine
epinephrine hydrochloride
epirizole
epirubicin
epirubicin hydrochloride
epivir
eplerenone
epoetin alfa
epoetin beta
epoetin kappa
epoprostenol sodium
eprazinone hydrochloride
eptacog alfa
ergocalciferol
ergoloid mesylates
ergonovine maleate
ergotamine tartrate
eribulin
eribulin mesylate
eritoran
erleada
erlotinib
erlotinib hydrochloride
erythromycin
erythromycin ethylsuccinate
erythromycin lactobionate
erythromycin stearate
erythropoietin
esaxerenone
escherichia coli
escitalopram
escitalopram oxalate
esflurbiprofen
esmolol
esmolol hydrochloride
esomeprazole
esomeprazole magnesium
esomeprazole sodium
estazolam
estradiol
estradiol benzoate
estradiol valerate
estriol
estriol tripropionate
eszopiclone
etacrynic acid
etafenone hydrochloride
etanercept
etelcalcetide hydrochloride
ethacridine
ethambutol
ethambutol hydrochloride
ethanol
ethanolamine oleate
ethenzamide
ethinylestradiol
ethionamide
ethosuximide
ethotoin
ethyl loflazepate
ethyl piperidinoacetylaminobenzoate
ethynodiol diacetate
etidronate disodium
etilefrine hydrochloride
etizolam
etodolac
etoposide
etravirine
etretinate
evenity
everolimus
evinacumab
evocalcet
evolocumab
exemestane
exenatide
eye drops
ezetimibe
faldaprevir
famciclovir
famotidine
farletuzumab
fasiglifam
fasudil hydrochloride
favipiravir
febuxostat
felbinac
felodipine
felypressin
fenofibrate
fenoprofen calcium
fenoterol hydrobromide
fentanyl
fentanyl citrate
feprazone
ferric ammonium citrate
ferric carboxymaltose
ferric citrate
ferric citrate hydrate
ferric pyrophosphate
ferric sodium citrate
ferrous fumarate
ferrous sulfate
ferrous sulphate
ferrum
ferumoxides
fesoterodine
fesoterodine fumarate
fexofenadine
fexofenadine hydrochloride
fidaxomicin
figitumumab
filgotinib maleate
filgrastim
finasteride
fingolimod
fingolimod hydrochloride
fish oil
flavin adenine dinucleotide
flavine adenine dinucleotide
flavoxate hydrochloride
flecainide
flecainide acetate
fleroxacin
flomoxef sodium
fluconazole
flucytosine
fludarabine
fludarabine phosphate
fludiazepam
fludrocortisone acetate
fludroxycortide
flufenamic acid
flumazenil
flunisolide
flunitrazepam
fluocinolone acetonide
fluocinonide
fluorescein
fluorescein sodium
fluorometholone
fluorouracil
fluoxetine hydrochloride
fluphenazine decanoate
fluphenazine enanthate
fluphenazine hydrochloride
flurazepam
flurazepam hydrochloride
flurbiprofen
flurbiprofen axetil
flutamide
fluticasone
fluticasone furoate
fluticasone propionate
fluvastatin
fluvastatin sodium
fluvoxamine
fluvoxamine maleate
folic acid
folinic acid
follitropin alfa
follitropin beta
fominoben
fominoben hydrochloride
fonazine mesylate
fondaparinux sodium
formalin
formoterol
forodesine hydrochloride
fosaprepitant dimeglumine
foscarnet
fosfomycin
fosfomycin sodium
fosnetupitant
fosphenytoin
fosravuconazole
fradiomycin
fremanezumab
fructose
fsh
fulvestrant
fungizone
furosemide
fursultiamine
fursultiamine hydrochloride
gabapentin
gabapentin enacarbil
gabapentine
gadodiamide hydrate
gadoterate meglumine
gadoxetate disodium
galantamine
galantamine hydrobromide
gamma-aminobutyric acid
ganciclovir
ganirelix
ganirelix acetate
ganitumab
garenoxacin
garenoxacin mesylate
gatifloxacin
gefarnate
gefitinib
gelatin
gemcitabine
gemcitabine hydrochloride
gemeprost
gentamicin
gentamicin sulfate
gestonorone caproate
gilteritinib
gilteritinib fumarate
gimeracil
ginger
ginkgo biloba
ginseng
glasdegib
glatiramer acetate
glecaprevir
glibenclamide
gliclazide
glimepiride
glipizide
glucagon
glucosamine
glucose
glutamine
glutaral
glutathione
glycerol
glycine
glycopyrrolate
glycopyrronium
glycopyrronium bromide
glycyrrhiza
glycyrrhizic acid
glycyrrhizin
gold
gold sodium thiomalate
golimumab
gonadotropin-releasing hormone
goserelin
goserelin acetate
gramicidin
granisetron
granisetron hydrochloride
grazoprevir
griseofulvin
guaiacol
guaifenesin
guanabenz acetate
guanfacine hydrochloride
guselkumab
haloperidol
haloperidol decanoate
halothane
haloxazolam
hemin
heparin
hesperidin
hetastarch
hexoprenaline sulfate
histamine dihydrochloride
huluc63
human immunoglobulin g
human interferon beta
human interleukin-2
human normal immunoglobulin
humira
hyaluronate sodium
hydralazine
hydralazine hydrochloride
hydrochlorothiazide
hydrocortisone
hydrocortisone acetate
hydrocortisone butyrate
hydrocortisone probutate
hydrocortisone sodium phosphate
hydrocortisone sodium succinate
hydrogen peroxide
hydromorphone hydrochloride
hydrotalcite
hydroxocobalamin
hydroxocobalamin acetate
hydroxycarbamide
hydroxychloroquine
hydroxychloroquine sulfate
hydroxydaunorubicin
hydroxyprogesterone caproate
hydroxyurea
hydroxyzine
hydroxyzine hydrochloride
hydroxyzine pamoate
hyzaar
ibandronate sodium
ibrutinib
ibudilast
ibuprofen
icatibant acetate
iclusig
icosapent
icosapent ethyl
idarubicin
idarubicin hydrochloride
idarucizumab
idursulfase
ifenprodil tartrate
ifosfamide
ifosfamide for injection
iguratimod
iloprost
imatinib
imatinib mesylate
imidafenacin
imidapril
imidapril hydrochloride
imiglucerase
imipenem
imipramine hydrochloride
imiquimod
imuran
incadronic acid
indacaterol
indacaterol acetate
indacaterol maleate
indapamide
indigotindisulfonate sodium
indinavir sulfate ethanolate
indocyanine green
indometacin
indomethacin sodium
infliximab
inosine pranobex
inositol nicotinate
inotuzumab ozogamicin
insulin aspart
insulin degludec
insulin detemir
insulin glargine
insulin glargine recombinant
insulin glulisine
insulin human
insulin lispro
insulin porcine
interferon alfa
interferon alfacon-1
interferon alpha-2a
interferon alpha-2b
interferon beta-1a
interferon beta-1b
interferon gamma
interleukin-2
inulin
iodine
iodixanol
iodoform
iopromide
iothalamate meglumine
iotrolan
iotroxate meglumine
ioxaglic acid
ipatasertib
ipecac
ipilimumab
ipragliflozin
ipratropium bromide
ipriflavone
irbesartan
irinotecan
irinotecan hydrochloride
iron
iron saccharate
iron sucrose
irsogladine
isatuximab
isoconazole nitrate
isoflurane
isoleucine
isoniazid
isoprenaline
isopropyl alcohol
isoproterenol sulfate
isosorbide
isosorbide dinitrate
isosorbide mononitrate
isotretinoin
isoxsuprine hydrochloride
istradefylline
itacitinib
itopride hydrochloride
itraconazole
ivabradine hydrochloride
ivermectin
ixazomib
ixazomib citrate
ixekizumab
josamycin
kallidinogenase
kanamycin
kanamycin sulfate
kaolin
ketamine hydrochloride
ketoconazole
ketoprofen
ketotifen fumarate
kitasamycin
l-asparaginase
l-carbocysteine
l-citrulline
l-cysteine
l-isoleucine
l-leucine
l-menthol
l-valine
labetalol
labetalol hydrochloride
lacosamide
lactic acid
lactobacillus
lactobacillus acidophilus
lactobacillus casei
lactose
lactulose
lafutidine
lamivudine
lamotrigine
lanatoside c
landiolol hydrochloride
lanreotide acetate
lansoprazole
lanthanum carbonate
lapatinib ditosylate
laronidase
latanoprost
laxative
ledipasvir
leflunomide
lemborexant
lenalidomide
lenograstim
lentinan
lenvatinib
lenvatinib mesylate
lercanidipine
letermovir
letrozole
leucovorin calcium
leuprolide acetate
leuprorelin
levallorphan tartrate
levetiracetam
levobunolol hydrochloride
levobupivacaine
levobupivacaine hydrochloride
levocabastine
levocabastine hydrochloride
levocarnitine
levocarnitine chloride
levocetirizine dihydrochloride
levodopa
levofloxacin
levoglutamide
levomepromazine
levonorgestrel
levothyroxine
levothyroxine sodium
licorice
lidocaine
lidocaine hydrochloride
limaprost
limaprost alfadex
linaclotide
linagliptin
lindane
linezolid
linifanib
liothyronine sodium
lipitor
liposomal amphotericin b
liraglutide
lisdexamfetamine dimesylate
lisinopril
lithium
lithium carbonate
lixisenatide
lomefloxacin
lomerizine
lomitapide mesylate
loperamide hydrochloride
lopinavir
loratadine
lorazepam
lorlatinib
lormetazepam
lornoxicam
losartan
losartan potassium
lovastatin
low dose aspirin
loxoprofen
lubiprostone
luliconazole
lumefantrine
lumigan
lurasidone
lurasidone hydrochloride
lusutrombopag
lynestrenol
lyrica
lysine
lysozyme
macitentan
macrogol 4000
magnesium
magnesium aluminium silicate
magnesium aluminometasilicate
magnesium carbonate
magnesium citrate
magnesium hydroxide
magnesium oxide
magnesium sulfate
manganese chloride
mannitol
maprotiline hydrochloride
maraviroc
maxacalcitol
mazindol
mebendazole
mecasermin
meclizine hydrochloride
mecobalamin
medazepam
medronic acid
medroxyprogesterone acetate
mefenamic acid
mefloquine hydrochloride
mefruside
melatonin
meloxicam
melphalan
memantine
memantine hydrochloride
menatetrenone
menotropins
menthol
mepenzolate bromide
meperidine hydrochloride
mepivacaine hydrochloride
mepolizumab
mequitazine
mercaptopurine
merestinib
meropenem
mesalazine
mesna
mestranol
metamizole
metaproterenol sulfate
metenolone
metformin
metformin hcl
metformin hydrochloride
methacholine
methadone hydrochloride
methamphetamine hydrochloride
methenamine mandelate
methionine
methocarbamol
methotrexate
methotrexate sodium
methoxamine hydrochloride
methoxsalen
methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta
methoxyflurane
methoxyphenamine
methoxyphenamine hydrochloride
methyl salicylate
methylcellulose
methyldopa
methylergometrine
methylergonovine maleate
methylphenidate hydrochloride
methylphenobarbital
methylprednisolone
methylprednisolone acetate
methylprednisolone sodium succinate
methyltestosterone
meticrane
metildigoxin
metoclopramide
metoclopramide hydrochloride
metoprolol tartrate
metreleptin
metronidazole
metyrapone
mexazolam
mexiletine
mexiletine hydrochloride
mianserin hydrochloride
micafungin
micafungin sodium
micardis
miconazole
miconazole nitrate
midazolam
midecamycin acetate
midodrine hydrochloride
migalastat hydrochloride
miglitol
miglustat
milnacipran hydrochloride
milrinone
mineral oil
minocycline
minocycline hydrochloride
minodronic acid
minoxidil
mirabegron
mirtazapine
misoprostol
mitiglinide
mitomycin
mitotane
mitoxantrone
mitoxantrone hydrochloride
mizoribine
mk-0646
modafinil
mogamulizumab
molidustat
mometasone
mometasone furoate
montelukast
montelukast sodium
monteplase
morphine
morphine sulfate
mosapride
moxifloxacin
moxifloxacin hydrochloride
mucopolysaccharide polysulphate
mupirocin calcium
muromonab
muromonab-cd3
mycophenolate mofetil
mycophenolic acid
nabumetone
nadifloxacin
nadolol
nadroparin calcium
nafamostat
nafamostat mesylate
nafarelin acetate
naftopidil
naldemedine
naldemedine tosylate
nalidixic acid
nalmefene
naloxone hydrochloride
naltrexone
napabucasin
naphazoline
naphazoline nitrate
naproxen
naproxen sodium
naratriptan hydrochloride
natalizumab
natamycin
nateglinide
necitumumab
nedaplatin
nelarabine
nelfinavir mesylate
nemolizumab
neomycin
neomycin sulfate
neostigmine
neostigmine bromide
neostigmine methylsulfate
nepafenac
neratinib
netilmicin sulfate
netupitant
neulasta
nevirapine
nicardipine
nicardipine hydrochloride
nicergoline
niceritrol
nicorandil
nicotinamide
nicotine
nicotinic acid
nifedipine
nifekalant hydrochloride
nilotinib
nilvadipine
nimotuzumab
nimustine
nimustine hydrochloride
nintedanib
nintedanib esylate
nisoldipine
nitisinone
nitrazepam
nitrendipine
nitric oxide
nitrofurantoin
nitroglycerin
nitrous oxide
nivolumab
nizatidine
nonacog alfa
nonacog beta pegol
noradrenaline
norepinephrine
norethindrone
norethisterone
norfloxacin
norgestrel
nortriptyline hydrochloride
norvasc
noscapine
novantrone
nusinersen sodium
nux vomica extract
nystatin
obeticholic acid
obinutuzumab
ocrelizumab
octatropine methylbromide
octocog alfa
octreotide
octreotide acetate
ofatumumab
ofloxacin
olanzapine
olaparib
olaratumab
olive oil
olmesartan
olmesartan medoxomil
olodaterol
olokizumab
olopatadine
olopatadine hydrochloride
omalizumab
omarigliptin
ombitasvir
omeprazole
omeprazole sodium
omidenepag isopropyl
onartuzumab
onasemnogene abeparvovec
ondansetron
ondansetron hydrochloride
opdivo
opicapone
opium
opium tincture
orantinib
orlistat
orteronel
osalmid
oseltamivir phosphate
osimertinib mesylate
oteracil
oteracil potassium
oxacillin
oxaliplatin
oxaprozin
oxatomide
oxazolam
oxcarbazepine
oxetacaine
oxiconazole nitrate
oxiglutatione
oxitropium bromide
oxprenolol hydrochloride
oxybate
oxybutynin chloride
oxycodone
oxycodone hydrochloride
oxygen
oxymetazoline hydrochloride
oxypertine
oxytetracycline
oxytetracycline hydrochloride
oxytocin
ozagrel
ozagrel sodium
ozenoxacin
paclitaxel
palbociclib
paliperidone
paliperidone palmitate
palivizumab
palonosetron
palonosetron hydrochloride
pamidronate
pamidronate disodium
pancreatin
pancrelipase
pancuronium
pancuronium bromide
panitumumab
panobinostat
panobinostat lactate
pantethine
papaverine hydrochloride
paracetamol
paramethasone acetate
paritaprevir
parnaparin sodium
paromomycin sulfate
paroxetine
paroxetine hydrochloride
paroxetine hydrochloride hemihydrate
pasireotide pamoate
patisiran sodium
patritumab
pazopanib
pazopanib hydrochloride
pazufloxacin mesilate
peficitinib
pegaptanib
pegaptanib sodium
pegfilgrastim
peginterferon alfa-2a
peginterferon alfa-2b
pegvisomant
pemafibrate
pembrolizumab
pemetrexed
pemetrexed disodium
pemirolast potassium
pemoline
penbutolol sulfate
penicillamine
penicillin g potassium
penicillin v potassium
pentamidine
pentamidine isethionate
pentazocine
pentazocine hydrochloride
pentobarbital sodium
pentostatin
pentoxifylline
pentoxyverine citrate
peracetic acid
peramivir
perampanel
perampanel hydrate
peretinoin
perflubutane
perflutren
pergolide mesylate
perifosine
perindopril erbumine
perospirone
perphenazine
pertuzumab
petrolatum
pevonedistat
phenacetin
pheniramine maleate
phenobarbital
phenobarbital sodium
phenol
phenothrin
phenylephrine
phenylephrine hydrochloride
phenytoin
phenytoin sodium
phytomenadione
pibrentasvir
picosulfate
pictilisib
pilocarpine
pilocarpine hydrochloride
pilsicainide
pimobendan
pimozide
pindolol
pioglitazone
pioglitazone hydrochloride
pipamperone hydrochloride
piperacillin
piperacillin sodium
piperazine phosphate
pipethanate hydrochloride
piracetam
pirarubicin
pirarubicin hydrochloride
pirenoxine
piretanide
pirfenidone
piromidic acid
piroxicam
pitavastatin
pitavastatin calcium
pivmecillinam hydrochloride
plantago seed
plerixafor
polaprezinc
polatuzumab vedotin
polidocanol
poloxamer 188
polyethylene glycol 3350
polygonum root
polymyxin b
polymyxin b sulfate
pomalidomide
ponatinib
ponatinib hydrochloride
porfimer sodium
posaconazole
potassium
potassium chloride
potassium citrate
potassium gluconate
potassium iodide
potassium nitrate
potassium permanganate
potassium phosphate
povidone iodine
povidone-iodine
pralatrexate
pramipexole
pramipexole dihydrochloride
pranlukast hydrate
pranoprofen
prasugrel
prasugrel hydrochloride
pravastatin
pravastatin sodium
prazepam
praziquantel
prazosin hydrochloride
prednisolone
prednisolone acetate
prednisolone sodium phosphate
prednisolone sodium succinate
prednisone
prednisone acetate
pregabalin
pregnenolone
pridinol mesilate
prifinium bromide
primaquine phosphate
primidone
probenecid
probucol
procainamide hydrochloride
procaine
procaine hydrochloride
procarbazine
procarbazine hydrochloride
procaterol
procaterol hydrochloride
prochlorperazine
prochlorperazine maleate
prochlorperazine mesilate
progesterone
proglumetacin
proglumide
prograf
proguanil hydrochloride
promazine
promethazine
promethazine hydrochloride
promethazine teoclate
propafenone
propafenone hydrochloride
propantheline bromide
propericiazine
propitocaine
propiverine hydrochloride
propofol
propranolol
propranolol hydrochloride
propylthiouracil
propyphenazone
proscillaridin
prostaglandin e1
protamine sulfate
protionamide
protirelin
protoporphyrin
proxyphylline
prulifloxacin
pseudoephedrine
pyrazinamide
pyridostigmine bromide
pyridoxal phosphate
pyridoxal phosphate hydrate
pyridoxine
pyridoxine hydrochloride
pyrimethamine
quazepam
quetiapine
quetiapine fumarate
quinapril hydrochloride
quinidine
quinidine sulfate
quinupristin
quizartinib
quizartinib dihydrochloride
rabeprazole
rabeprazole sodium
raloxifene hydrochloride
raltegravir
raltegravir potassium
ramatroban
ramelteon
ramosetron hydrochloride
ramucirumab
ranibizumab
ranimustine
ranitidine
ranitidine hydrochloride
rapamycin
rasagiline mesylate
rasburicase
ravulizumab
rebamipide
red ginseng
relatlimab
relugolix
remdesivir
remifentanil
remifentanil hydrochloride
remimazolam besylate
repaglinide
repatha
reserpine
resminostat
reviparin sodium
revlimid
rhubarb
ribavirin
riboflavin
ribostamycin sulfate
rifabutin
rifampicin
rifaximin
rilpivirine
rilpivirine hydrochloride
riluzole
rimonabant
riociguat
risankizumab
risedronate
risedronate sodium
risedronic acid
risperidone
ritodrine hydrochloride
ritonavir
rituximab
rivaroxaban
rivastigmine
rivastigmine tartrate
rizatriptan benzoate
rocuronium
rocuronium bromide
rocuronium bromide injection
rokitamycin
romidepsin
romiplostim
romosozumab
ropinirole hydrochloride
ropivacaine
ropivacaine hydrochloride
rosuvastatin
rosuvastatin calcium
rotigotine
rovalpituzumab tesirine
rovatirelin
roxadustat
roxatidine acetate hydrochloride
roxithromycin
rufinamide
rupatadine fumarate
rurioctocog alfa pegol
ruxolitinib phosphate
safinamide mesylate
salicylamide
salicylic acid
saline
salmeterol
salmeterol xinafoate
salmon calcitonin
sapropterin dihydrochloride
saquinavir
saquinavir mesylate
sar153191
sarilumab
sarpogrelate hydrochloride
satralizumab
saw palmetto
saxagliptin
scopolamine hydrobromide
scutellaria root
secobarbital sodium
secukinumab
selegiline
selegiline hydrochloride
selexipag
semaglutide
senna
senna leaf
sennosides
seratrodast
serelaxin
serotonin
serrapeptase
sertraline
sertraline hydrochloride
sesame oil
setiptiline maleate
sevelamer hydrochloride
sevoflurane
sildenafil
sildenafil citrate
silicic acid
silodosin
simeprevir
simeprevir sodium
simfibrate
simvastatin
siponimod
sirolimus
sitafloxacin
sitagliptin
sitagliptin phosphate
sitaxentan
sizofiran
sodium acetate
sodium alginate
sodium benzoate
sodium bicarbonate
sodium chloride
sodium citrate
sodium fluoride
sodium hyaluronate
sodium nitroprusside
sodium phenylbutyrate
sodium polystyrene sulfonate
sodium salicylate
sodium thiosulfate
sodium zirconium cyclosilicate
sofalcone
sofosbuvir
solifenacin succinate
somatostatin
somatropin
sorafenib
sorafenib tosylate
sorivudine
sotalol hydrochloride
soybean oil
soysterol
sparfloxacin
spartalizumab
spectinomycin hydrochloride
spiramycin
spironolactone
st. john's wort
stanozolol
stavudine
stelara
stiripentol
stocrin
streptomycin
streptomycin sulfate
streptozocin
succinylcholine
sucralfate
sucrose
sugammadex
sugammadex sodium
sulbactam
sulbactam sodium
sulbenicillin sodium
sulconazole nitrate
sulfadiazine
sulfadimethoxine
sulfadoxine
sulfamethoxazole
sulfasalazine
sulfur
sulindac
sulpiride
sultamicillin
sulthiame
sultopride
sultopride hydrochloride
sumatriptan
sumatriptan succinate
sunitinib
sunitinib malate
suprofen
suvorexant
swertia herb
tabalumab
tacrolimus
tadalafil
tafamidis
tafamidis meglumine
tafluprost
talaporfin sodium
talc
tamibarotene
tamoxifen
tamoxifen citrate
tamsulosin
tamsulosin hydrochloride
tannate
tannic acid
tapentadol
tapentadol hydrochloride
tartaric acid
tas-102
taurine
tazobactam
tazobactam sodium
teceleukin
tedizolid phosphate
tegafur
tegretol
teicoplanin
telaprevir
telbivudine
telithromycin
telmisartan
temocapril
temocapril hydrochloride
temozolomide
temsirolimus
teneligliptin
tenofovir
tenofovir alafenamide
tenofovir alafenamide fumarate
tenofovir disoproxil
tenofovir disoproxil fumarate
tenormin
tepotinib hydrochloride
teprenone
terazosin hydrochloride
terbinafine hydrochloride
terbutaline sulfate
terfenadine
terguride
teriparatide
teriparatide acetate
testosterone
testosterone enanthate
testosterone propionate
tetanus toxoid adsorbed
tetrabenazine
tetracaine hydrochloride
tetracosactide acetate
tetracycline
tetracycline hydrochloride
tetrahydrozoline hydrochloride
thalidomide
theophylline
thiamazole
thiamine disulfide
thiamine hydrochloride
thiamine mononitrate
thiamylal
thiamylal sodium
thioctic acid amide
thiopental
thiopental sodium
thioridazine
thioridazine hydrochloride
thiotepa
thrombin
thrombomodulin alfa
thyroid
thyrotropin alfa
thyrotropin alpha
tiabendazole
tiapride
tiapride hydrochloride
tiaprofenic acid
ticagrelor
ticarcillin
ticlopidine
ticlopidine hydrochloride
tiemonium iodide
tigatuzumab
tigecycline
tilactase
tildrakizumab
timolol maleate
tinidazole
tiopronin
tiotropium
tipiracil
tipiracil hydrochloride
tisagenlecleucel
tivantinib
tivicay
tizanidine
tizanidine hydrochloride
tobramycin
tocilizumab
tocopherol
tocopherol acetate
tocopherol nicotinate
tocopheryl nicotinate
tofacitinib
tofacitinib citrate
tofisopam
tofogliflozin
tolazoline hydrochloride
tolbutamide
tolfenamic acid
tolnaftate
tolperisone hydrochloride
tolterodine tartrate
tolvaptan
topiramate
topiroxostat
topotecan
topotecan hydrochloride
torasemide
toremifene
toremifene citrate
trabectedin
trafermin
tramadol
tramadol hydrochloride
tramazoline hydrochloride
trametinib
trandolapril
tranexamic acid
tranilast
trapidil
trastuzumab
trastuzumab emtansine
travoprost
trazodone
trazodone hydrochloride
trelagliptin
tremelimumab
tremfya
trepibutone
treprostinil
tretinoin
triamcinolone
triamcinolone acetonide
triamterene
triazolam
tribenoside
trichlormethiazide
triclofos sodium
trientine hydrochloride
trifluridine
trihexyphenidyl hydrochloride
trilostane
trimebutine maleate
trimethadione
trimethoprim
trimipramine maleate
tripamide
triprolidine hydrochloride
troglitazone
trometamol
tropicamide
tropisetron hydrochloride
trospium chloride
troxipide
trypsin
tulobuterol
tulobuterol hydrochloride
turoctocog alfa
turoctocog alfa pegol
tyloxapol
ubenimex
ubidecarenone
ulinastatin
umeclidinium
umeclidinium bromide
unfractionated heparin
uracil
urapidil
urea
uric acid
urogastrone
urokinase
ursodeoxycholate
ursodeoxycholic acid
ustekinumab
vadadustat
valaciclovir
valacyclovir hydrochloride
valbenazine
valethamate bromide
valganciclovir
valganciclovir hydrochloride
valine
valproate
valproate sodium
valproic acid
valsartan
vancomycin
vancomycin hydrochloride
vandetanib
vaniprevir
vanutide cridificar
varenicline tartrate
varlitinib
vaseline
vasopressin
vasopressin injection
vecuronium bromide
vedolizumab
velaglucerase alfa
veliparib
velpatasvir
vemurafenib
venetoclax
venlafaxine
venlafaxine hydrochloride
verapamil
verapamil hydrochloride
verteporfin
vibegron
vidarabine
vigabatrin
vilanterol
vilanterol trifenatate
vildagliptin
viltolarsen
vinblastine
vinblastine sulfate
vincristine
vincristine sulfate
vindesine sulfate
vinorelbine
vinorelbine tartrate
vinpocetine
vitamin a
vitamin b1
vitamin b12
vitamin b2
vitamin b6
vitamin c
vitamin d
vitamin e
vitamin e nicotinate
vitamin k
voclosporin
voglibose
voltaren
vonoprazan
vorapaxar sulfate
voriconazole
vorinostat
vortioxetine hydrobromide
warfarin
warfarin potassium
warfarin sodium
water
wheat
wood creosote
xeljanz
xylitol
zafirlukast
zalcitabine
zaleplon
zaltoprofen
zibotentan
zidovudine
zinc
zinc acetate
zinc chloride
zinc oxide
zinc sulfate
ziprasidone
zoledronic acid
zolmitriptan
zolpidem
zolpidem tartrate
zonisamide
zopiclone
zotepine
zytiga